Alright. First can I get a sense of your confidence that the Christian God is real and true, say on a scale from 0 to 100. Um, 95. 95? Mmhmm Alright, and what got you to such high confidence. Umm ..what's the main reason why? So I go to a Christian school, and I've learned, I've taken a bunch of classes on, umm, theories and all these different things, and it just makes sense to me, it kinda, like hits home. Um, and I just have this feeling that it's really true. Gotcha, so you- go to a Christian school, you've taken some classes about theories and uh, it just makes sense to you? Yes, it just makes sense and like, all the other, like, religions I've learned about, it's just, it doesn't make sense to me personally. Ok. How does something making sense to you relate to the actual truth of it? Like, could someone actually, be mistaken about a belief that makes sense to them? Ya, I think they could. Ok, and how did you determine that this was actually true? Um, just all of the proof and theories. Ok, what's like the best example. Um, there's a lot actually. So, like, the bi- babel tower, they found it. They found where it was. They found the Babel tower? Yea. Alright, I'm not saying this is the case, but if, we, if someone came up to the table and explained that this actually, um, didn't happen exactly the way you think it did, would that change your confidence in the belief at all? No. Ok, so maybe is there any other reason why you're such high confident that it's true? Um, just cause, I just see so much, like, goodness in it and positivity and I'm, like, I'm really about, like, positivity and God's just out to love people, so I think it's important to look up to him and do what he did. And just love people. Gotcha, so you're saying it's just that there's so much goodness to it and it's really positive. How is, how is the goodness or positivity of a belief a way to the truth of the belief though? I think it says it all in the Bible, like, um, uh, it's a tough question. That's fine, so you're saying it comes from the Bible..