 Right, but but because nobody can question and nobody can prove it you can't prove any of these things. It's like Why am I believing this Is there a particular belief do you want to chat about as far as like religion? Could be okay really Yeah, I can talk about I mean I was my background as Christianity I was raised Southern Baptist I don't necessarily believe in all the Dr. and that the Bible teaches sometimes I feel like the Bible the Bible truly limits us And expression I believe like people talk about the glory and the splendor and the wonder of God How can it be just confined to just 66 books? Yeah, I think I try to experience God on a more spiritual level And I believe in spirituality more than anything that's really what guides who I am and the way I think I can believe I believe that there is something that is been working on my behalf in this universe Because it's working yeah, it's like something that's guiding me because I can't fully take credit for everything that's happened Good in my life Sometimes it's the right place the right time sometimes it's Look or whatever so how do you explain those things? You know people say you know it's God and I do believe that but I don't believe You know as far as like the doctor and like you know Test them in and like the you know that stuff just like it just so limiting and it's so like stifling And you fucking can't live you can't do anything and I feel like a lot of it's updated It doesn't really apply to the world we live in today So yeah, I'd love to explore your reasons why you believe a God exists First got to get a sense of your confidence that God exists so I scale from one to ten a ten ten for sure 10 God yeah and You mentioned before something about how to explain good things happening is that like the main reason why I just look at my life and what I my experiences Something that the things that can't be explained the things that are not tangible the things that are just kind of like Out there and the the energies I believe God is responsible for all those things Does that have to be good or it could be bad too? You know it could be like you know unexpected death or anything I believe that There's something out there that's in control of all of those things not necessarily all the good things I believe God is in control of the good end of bad okay, so what you say this is Mostly accurate the personal experience. Yeah, yeah Okay and part of that is like God had something to do with these experience. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Absolutely God had something to do with them. Yeah, I would never I would never Have something happened to be like um oh, I'm gonna take full credit for that because The capabilities I have that's God given who I am. I substance my essence That's all things that've been that's been given to me since I was a child It's as before I was a child so how to explain even the way you are your personality You know, you know like it's just yeah, it's it's hard to explain But I just feel like there's something there's a reason behind I believe and I'll just get credit it to God and His workings and you attribute it to the God. Yeah, it's experienced. Yeah, all right and I love to explain to understand how you Included that this is true like God had something to do with this I mean you know like I said background being in Christianity You know, I'm not sure how we all came to be today like whether it's Adam and Eve and all that stuff I just some of that stuff this is Lex It lacks factual in Lex Lex logic and I just don't try to get into that. I know that I'm a human being I know that I'm a spiritual being I know that I have capable of good and bad I know that there's something in me that aspires a life-created in myself as far as like my drive my motivation my ambition Those things are like Where do we get those things from? Where do we get our drive and motivation? We get like yeah those things that we like passion and like things that we care about How do like how we are personality, you know us some people being more extroverted introverted like what is those? Who gives us those things? I think like select those things like oh I want this kind of person So all these questions about like how we came to be how do we get these motivation stuff? I'm not saying this is the case, but if someone could explain to us both that This stuff could happen without a guard at all with that change of confidence about the gun I will be interested to hear that okay. I'll be interested to hear that I mean I know it's a lot of like how you were raising your upbringing and like society kind of shakes that But I believe in like you're you're in or self You're in or self. We all very every single person is very unique like no one's like Someone before them no one's gonna be like something that happens so like that's why I feel like We all are very authentically made and designed So how can you explain that like nobody's no fingerprint like nobody's the same? No two people are like even twins are very different Triplets are very different so So if there was an explanation without the God being yeah You be open and if you were convinced that those explanations were good Would that change your confidence about this? I don't know if it changed my confidence it'll give me a more real round at point of view I mean I'm very strong when I believe I think what we believe really like you said guides us That's a very strong thing but I'm open-minded. I like to hear things. I like to understand more I would never say I would probably not sway from what I believe but I just give me a different perspective So if those If that like I'm trying to understand what would change your confidence Is there a reason that you have that if found to be not reliable would change your confidence? The whole afterlife aspect kind of makes me a little insecure about it because I don't know You know one knows what happens after we all die You know the heaven and hell theory and stuff like that that's kind of like Where I get into group because it's like okay, what's the whole point like The things you do won't hear on the Christiani believe like the things you don't earth in like your 75 80 year life Can condive you to a permanent life of like burning? I just like I don't know like he just burned forever I just like what's the point of what's the point and then like heaven and then like this you for you to Pian Society forever. I don't know both those things. I just know like what we're here to do now like our lives and like And on this earth. I think there's purpose in reasoning for that. I don't the afterlife theory is what Christianity That's what I get insecure because it's like heaven or hell and it's like I don't think it's about that So if if you were somehow convinced that we don't survive our deaths at all with that change your confidence That'd be interesting to hear about Are you I mean I know this is my interview. What are you? I'm looking for reliable ways to come to believe like this I would say I'm very much lower on that scale, but I'm okay. I'm trying to find out reliable ways Okay, okay, okay, you just more like you want to you want like factual things You want like more like are you just seeking truth. I'm seeking truth. I'll ever as true. Okay I want reliable ways okay Currently I think facts and evidence. Right right right right right right right right Very solid way to come to believe okay Okay, there's any evidence or facts for this belief um It's faith That's that's that's the crunch in Christianity. It's it's the faith element people are like all faith There's just just half faith just hope just believe when Faith can carry a long way No faith is really the basis of this religion God they just believe okay Just believe seeing believe in something that you can't see or see or that's not tangible Okay Is this way of coming to this belief reliable? It is because it makes you become an optimist I mean even when bad things happen you just kind of believe you see things as good all things as good Even the things that happen that are are misfortune that you can take the good out of every situation so it keeps you always Connected to something like Your morale's always high, you know like this is death. I was like okay. It was their time. You know It was your time to go like we can see the good in their death Even though death is a sad thing you know so faith kind of allows you to Live on a more upper echelon way of thinking and living and operating versus being depressed and like Getting down into like a lower state so it really encourages high morality I just were saying Living a faith based like life yeah, let you be more optimistic Positive yeah, have a like a more a really good moral life. Yeah, I believe so I believe so Faith is faith is a powerful thing because it all about belief Is it possible for someone to not use this way of coming to beliefs in general yet be positive and optimistic Yeah, that's very true, but but I would ask that person What's the reasoning behind it? Why are they you know will If you just upbeat and positive what's the reason in behind it? Yeah, what what's a reason someone could give for that? I don't know I would love to hear it. Yeah, just because I just I don't know a happy person I'm going I'm going person. I don't know like what's the second best way to have optimism in living life Positively without this belief um I'm not sure. Not sure what do you think? Well in terms of like being optimistic Going back to facts and evidence you know like good things have happened in the past So Our good things happen in the future Hmm, okay, maybe but do you believe that we are just living a very I Would like to leave that believe that our time on this earth and like what we're doing here in our space here has meaning behind it Do you believe that there's no meeting behind We've got feel like yeah, I feel like yeah Meaning it's just like we're just going through the motions and it's like there's no meeting to live There's no meeting to anything that we do How do you think someone without this belief could get meeting in life? Because I just feel like I Don't know if you believe First of all, we think yourself You believe in your capabilities That there's nothing wrong with that you believe that all things happen for good and There's nothing really wrong with that it doesn't have to be God is just if that's just your way of thinking I think in all essence it's a it's a great way to approach life But me being Fundamentally Christian you believe I believe God gives me that God gives you the oxygen to do that okay But is this true A lot of people believe it Does the amount of people who believe something doesn't know no absolutely not but What's true Good question How can we come to do it? What is true? That's a great yeah, what is true? Truth is relative truth is relatively yeah Because I'm sure there's a lot of Muslim believers that believe allies the emboutists and stuff like that But I believe the truth behind that there's a run truth and we're all navigating our own way to that path We're all navigating some truth to the same truth There's just different sifters to that like different religious different denominations that are leaving to one Truth Because Buddhist aren't that people they Some of the scriptures that you know that I've looked over even Muslims some of the books of the Bible and the crown of the same as the Holy Bible the new testament so it's like what's the truth behind it? How did it get so switched up and so Desiminated like in so many different directions like there's there's something there was a foundation there was a start And I would love to find that out but Yeah, I got your truth. I want to believe is many true things is possible But also as few false things is possible So I'm I'm for whatever believes I hold I'd like to understand what I could learn or find out To change my confidence about that So that's how I kind of go about okay, so you are a truth seeker Yeah, you you you look at facts you look at you read you're researching and then the way you Intake information that's kind of going to shape yeah, and there's nothing I could learn to find out to lower my confidence about a belief That belief seems to be at risk of being on true or I I'm at risk of believing something that might be on true So I need my beliefs to be able to be shown to be false They need that quality It doesn't mean they're not true, but they need to be able to be shown that they could be not true for you to believe in it to have confidence that To have them for them to be have any value So you oh that's a that's an interesting perspective so you believe that Wow, I've never ever heard that before you believe that what you believe in if it's can if it can be challenged as not true that makes you feel more confident in it Yeah, because believes that can't be shown to be false Could be anybody Hmm That's very deep yeah, yeah like if you just can't Right yeah because you can challenge in question God that's okay. Yeah I'm wondering how could we know if this belief was false? I Don't think there's no way to know man. There's no way to know Hmm So that makes you less confident in it. It makes it not invaluable And the benefits I get from me right right That's good That's a good I would like to I would like to believe it if it's true right but but yeah Because nobody can question nobody can prove it you can't prove any of these things it's like Why am I believing this Hmm You may be onto something yeah, yeah, so that's powerful stuff yeah, yeah, just stuff to think about yeah Absolutely thank you for that that really enlightening. I never thought about like that because That's all people feel about Christianity and like religion in general. It's like you can just never question Why am I just gonna succumb to this this religion? I think I don't even know if it's there's no factual anything about it Like oh Jesus Christ and like all this stuff like did he live and like did he really walk or you know? Is that a real thing yeah before I derive any benefits from a belief I want to make sure it's true first Hmm Like us right now here is this is true. This is like facts like I'm here right now in present yeah We have ways to verify Situation I think But which you're saying is the fact that we cannot question some of our beliefs Makes it heart that is a good that it's something I'm gonna take with me that's it's now you're shaking me up a little bit See Now you're shaking me up would you say Ten out of ten is the most accurate spot for you Oh, it might have dropped a little bit not because I'm like but it's it's I like that too I like to think outside I like to think about those kind of things because it makes you it does Like Okay, I believe because I was raised and I was I was molding and shaped into believing this my whole life But what evidence do I really have I can look at like my life as like the good things that happen the blessings I get Column quote but what evidence do I have that this person is really Operating through me yeah and I guess until you have some experience you would never know Stop to think about thanks Thank you so much man. Was she read read? I'm gonna check you out. We're sure you two channel Cordial curiosity cordial curiosity. Yeah. This is very cordial. Thank you We've dumped the name thank you so much. Thank you Thank you Wow Is that eight T yeah I think that needs to Nice Here's awesome